PulseProof explains why a match moment matters—and makes the memory verifiable.
The public product clearly separates live TxLINE coverage from labelled replay data.
Plan, follow, catch up and remember—from one trusted matchday companion.
Catch-up reveals only the event prefix already watched—never the future score.
Real coverage is shown; missing competition or timing data stays unavailable.
Finished-match Catch-up survives weak networks without caching the live feed.
An evidence-bound moment becomes an anti-replay receipt, not a tradable asset.
The same test wallet has a finalized, Explorer-visible devnet claim.
Every field is bound, every receipt is unique, and every proof expires quickly.
Seventy-nine tests, zero known vulnerabilities, green CI and public devnet evidence.
A public GitHub Actions run verifies a production commit deployed to Railway.
Free for fans; sustainable through partner rooms, analytics and consented loyalty.